I agree to execute the Nine.
When killing nine tribes
You guys are awesome.
Your Majesty, it was no accident that this man entered the palace.
There must be someone else behind it.
Oh.
Do you know who helped her?
This helper is the head of the department.
Prime Minister Luu Truong Canh
Master Liu
And Thi Quoc Cong.
Qin Detachment General Qin
There is Your Majesty, who is next to you.
Guard with Knife
Thousands of leaders
These men helped him many times.
Skip the North
Colluding with her in private.
It really is its heart.
This person does not know the religion.
Angry at the whole school.
We're all waiting for the princess's car.
And she's on stage right now.
It is a disgrace to your majesty and the princess is so arrogant.
His crimes deserve to be punished.
All right.
What a loyal and patriotic peaceful king.